Update: Markdown `<Content/>` Description (#777)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/markdown-content.md

#### `Content`

> A component that returns the full rendered contents of the Markdown file. Here is an example:

Reviewer: Nit, but would it be better to stick to “renders” rather than “returns” here? Like, you don’t do `const contents = Component()` so I’m not sure “returning” is quite the right concept here (even if that is what technically happens under the hood).

```suggestion
A component that renders the full contents of the Markdown file. Here is an example:
```

Author: "To return or not to return, it really depends on how you throw...." - Fuzzy

<PromoBanner />
```

> When used with `Astro.glob()`, you can simply pass the `<Content/>` component from the _Exported Properties_ of each returned markdown file. This will then render out the Markdown file and its contents in its entirety into your template. 

Reviewer: Tried to rework this a bit given the code example is quite specific. I also removed “simply” because that can be quite subjective and potentially frustrating for someone if they’re finding the process anything but simple 😅 

```suggestion
When using `getStaticPaths` and `Astro.glob()` to generate pages from Markdown files, you can pass the `<Content/>` component through the page’s `props`. You can then retrieve the component from `Astro.props` and render it in your template. 
```

```astro
---
export async function getStaticPaths() {
  const posts = await Astro.glob('../posts/**/*.md')

  return posts.map(post => ({
    params: { 
      slug: post.frontmatter.slug 
    },
    props: {
      post
    },
  }))
}

> const { post:{ Content } } = Astro.props

Reviewer: Another nit, but I’m not a huge fan of multiple destructuring. Do you think this might be easier to read/understand?

```suggestion
const { Content } = Astro.props.post
```
